Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 12]
It's nice to meet you.
I've heard about you.
Yes, I've heard a lot about you too.
Could you clear the way for us?
I'm sorry, but we're on our way
to make a delivery.
Couldn't you yield
for us first instead?
I'm sorry, but the word "yield"
doesn't exist in my vocabulary.
And I'm no good at
going back, either.
You sure are brimming with confidence.
But to me, you seem like you
have a lot to learn.
I'm learning quite a bit from those
who I deem qualified to teach me.
Please step aside, already.
The food will get cold.
Someone who's in the restaurant
business should respect that much.
That's right, food should be
eaten while it's still warm.
It's clear that the so-called food you're
delivering hardly qualifies as food.
So it'll be truly inedible if
it's cold, to boot.
Go on now, then.
All right.
Until next time, then.
Until next time.
We should get going now, too.
Go prepare for the lunch rush.
- Yes, ma'am.
Do your best.
Make it so that every single
customer here eats at our restaurants.
- Yes, ma'am.
Ugh, look at that piece of work!
She pisses me off so much!
I don't feel pissed.
I just feel defeated.
What do you mean?
Tell her that it's on, then!
I've been running my business
here for 20 years now!
I won't go under overnight!
What makes you so sure of that?
I'm scared out of my wits, here.
- We have Kang Soo, though!
- What?
Hanyang hung in there for so long,
all thanks to Kang Soo.
If we join forces with him,
we can get through this, too!
You think Kang Soo is the guardian angel
of this street, or something?
You think he isn't, then?
You're not going to join forces
with Kang Soo, then, Mr. Choi?
I never said I wasn't.
I'm just saying.
Yes, I understand.
We will come visit you soon.
Was that someone
who wanted to partner with us?
Yeah.
Are you confident?
- Yeah.
- Why are you so confident, though?
I'm wearing these.
- Let's go.
- Yes, CEO Choi.
[Strongest Deliveryman]
Please do a good job.
Yes, sir.
We'll do our best.
[Strongest Deliveryman]
All you need to do now is trust in
"Strongest Deliveryman!"
Of course!
[Strongest Deliveryman]
We'll trust in Kang Soo.
Yes, please do.
It's Kang Soo, after all.
- We're "Strongest Deliveryman!"
No need to memorize phone numbers!
Just use the "Strongest Deliveryman" app!
Yeah!
Stop memorizing phone numbers!
Welcome to the Jung Family building,
home of good food and good prices.
The elevators are crowded
so we would appreciate it if you
took the stairs to the lower floors.
- Welcome.
- Enjoy your meals!
10th floor - Jung Family
Seafood and Chinese Food.
Enjoy your meal!
Welcome to Jung Family Foods!
[Jung Family Foods Branches]
[Retrieving sales figures
in real time.]
Jeez.
[Affiliate Store Portal Order Received]
Oh my gosh!
- Let's see, two...
- What is it?
Excuse me! Two large orders of
steamed monkfish, for delivery!
Oh, wow!
Thank you!
I'll leave it to you, then!
- All right?
- Yes, don't worry!
All right, be careful.
Be careful!
One sweet and sour pork set.
Next time, please use the app.
Yes, there is an app called
"Strongest Deliveryman" that we're on.
Using that makes things so much simpler.
Yes, thank you.
One sweet and sour pork set!
Got it!
[Please select your order:
Sweet and sour pork set A]
[Request delivery]
Hello! I'm here to make a delivery!
What about Kang Soo?
He's currently delivering a bowl
of Jeonju-style hangover stew.
- What about Dan Ah?
- Just a moment.
She is currently making a delivery
for Dami Restaurant.
Can't I have those two deliver food
for only Lively Handmade?
No, we can't do that.
The company has grown larger, we can't
set exclusive deliverymen for places.
Our company's system is to
send employees who aren't busy
to make deliveries, in order,
when orders come in.
Are you the CEO?
I'm a director.
So you could call me the
second-in-command.
Here's the sweet and sour pork!
Yes, sir!
All right, then.
Where do you guys usually eat?
We just eat our meals at the closest
affiliate store to where we may be.
Ah.
All right, then.
I will be on my way now, then.
- Keep up the good work.
- Yes, sir!
Don't come here anymore.
I don't like you.
That's not how the system works, ma'am.
Oh!
Ms. Lee Dan Ah.
Please drive more carefully.
Yes, CEO Choi.
I will heed that.
What are you planning to do for lunch?
The owner of Dami Restaurant
told me to come and eat there.
What about you, Boss?
The owner of Jeonju Hangover Soup
asked me to eat with them.
Enjoy your meal.
- Wait.
- What is it?
Should we go eat,
just the two of us?
[Buy yourself a real meal...]
Mr. Jin Kyu.
You think I'll use your money to
buy myself meals with this every day?
He's such an idiot.
You said you've never dated before.
But you really don't know
how women think, do you?
Are you going to be okay
with just this?
Yeah. I don't know if it's
because I'm nervous
but I didn't even feel hungry.
So even someone like you
gets nervous, huh?
Are you going to be okay
eating only that, though?
Yeah, I'm not that hungry.
Why not?
You don't need to know.
Oh, don't worry.
We'll do great.
You trust your sweetie, right?
Ow!
- Ow... ow!
- Oh, look at you.
Ow!
- Are you crying?
- Ow!
Ji Yoon.
What are you doing here?
I was eating lunch.
Um, what about you two?
Um, us too.
Um, take a seat.
All right.
You sit down too, Mister.
Oh, um, sure.
You too, Ms. Dan Ah.
Um, yeah. Okay.
This is awkward.
Should I leave?
- No!
- Why would you leave?
I feel like I should go, though.
- It's fine.
- Yeah, just stay.
I think I really should go.
I told you, it's fine!
Yeah, finish that before you go.
No, I feel like this is torture
for all of us.
Enjoy your sausage, Ms. Dan Ah.
Um... okay.
You too, Mister.
Sure.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, Mister!
I'll be coming to this location
often from now on.
Yes, CEO Jung.
How much did Hanyang steal from us
in sales, because of delivery?
It was about one-tenths of
our sales in the beginning.
But it kept rising, and it was
one-fifth of our sales at one point.
They managed that, just with delivery?
It wasn't only delivery, ma'am.
They hung in there by making deliveries
and using other alternative strategies.
They even lured away some of
our big groups of customers
and stole away some of our customers
because of our wait times.
I'm sure they're planning to use the
same strategy this time, too.
They'll hang in there through
doing delivery orders
and stealing away queued-up customers.
Yes.
Think of a counterstrategy.
You know about Jung Family Foods'
ultimate strategy, right?
To suppress the nearby restaurants
within six months
and then stabilizing our prices
to make the most profits we can.
Make sure nothing goes wrong.
Yes, CEO Jung.
Don't see me out, and take care
of balancing the checkbooks.
Yes, ma'am.
Goobye, CEO Jung.
[Oh Jin Kyu]
[- Happy hour from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m.?
- Develop a set menu]
[- Sell more takeout
- Increase portions]
Don't you dare come to the language
cram school, starting tomorrow.
Um, yeah. Sure.
Don't give me that half-hearted answer.
You're a CEO now.
You have twelve employees,
and 30 affiliates.
So focus on that first.
- Promise me.
- Are you a kid?
This is more effective than
just getting your word for it.
Stamp. Sign.
Make a copy.
Sweet dreams, then, CEO Choi.
You've worked hard.
Have a safe trip home, Ms. Dan Ah.
Why are you leaving?
Well, work is over,
so it's time for me to go.
Go where?
You're sleeping here now.
Why would I live here with you and
make your lover uncomfortable?
Hey, what are you--
Oh, shush.
You think I don't know why you're
travelling all over Seoul?
And yet, you've given up on that and
are staying here, so it's obvious.
Um, yeah.
Things just ended up like that.
Dating, in your state? Hah!
Wow.
Hey.
Why didn't you ask Hyun Soo to join us?
I... just want him to
rest up more, is all.
You're just so damn considerate.
I'm off.
All right, get home safe.
All done, Mother.
You should go home.
Sure.
Don't come in starting tomorrow, Mother.
Make some food for Hyun Soo
at home instead.
Oh, all right.
Oh yeah, Sun Ae.
Um, did something happen that day?
On the day that Kang Soo came by, I mean.
Um, what do you mean?
Kang Soo isn't the type of person to
leave without saying goodbye, but he did.
Um, he said something urgent
came up and left in a hurry.
Oh, I see.
And nothing happened between you two?
Oh, of course not!
What could've happened between us?
That's true.
What are we going to do
about Hyun Soo, though?
He won't stop talking about
how he'll go see Kang Soo.
No, Mother!
He needs to stay with his mother.
He can't leave.
Um, yeah.
That's right.
Hey, let's turn the lights off and go.
All right.
[Youngil Bank]
Ah, welcome!
Did your grand opening go well?
Yes, all thanks to you, President.
Oh, it was nothing.
To be frank, I should be thanking you.
I'm sure you could have gotten a loan
from the best bank in the nation.
And yet, you went out of your way
to use Youngil Bank.
So I'd like to thank you again
for doing so.
No need to thank me.
You offered us the best deal, after all.
Oh, of course! You borrowed more than
10 billion won from us, after all.
Is there anything else
I can assist you with?
I wouldn't call it help, per se.
I just ask that you do
business ethically.
Um, I'm not quite sure
what you mean.
I looked into it
and most of the restaurants in that
neighborhood got loans from your bank.
Oh.
Since Jung Family Foods
is your customer now
shouldn't you tie up your
loose ends with those people?
I think you owe me that.
Oh, I understand what you mean now.
I'll make some calls and
take care of that right away.
All right.
Goodbye.
Let us go together.
I will walk you to the parking lot.
[Youngil Bank President Kim Jong Hyun]
Kim Jong Hyun?
Yeah, the bank president that has a
strong hold on this neighborhood.
Apparently, this man is
Ms. Soon Ae's ex-husband.
Oh, really?
Apparently, that woman Soon Ae's
father was a powerful guy
but he sold off all his riches
when his only daughter got married
and set up a nice little bank
for his daughter's husband.
- Wow.
- But that guy
framed his wife for adultery as soon
as his father-in-law died
and kicked his wife out
without a penny to her name.
Oh, so that's why Mr. Jang Dong Soo
was trying to beat that guy to a pulp
and even went to the Big Boss
to find out where he was?
That's right.
He wanted to get a confession from him,
even if he had to beat it out of him.
He beat him to a bloody pulp,
but didn't find out anything.
Kim Jong Hyun is one
stubborn bastard, too.
Wait, then the person who planned
all this with Kim Jong Hyun
and framed Ms. Soon Ae for
adultery was...
Yeah, it's the guy who we promised
we'd hand over to Mr. Viper.
Oh.
What's the issue, then?
We can just offer him up.
Ugh, I just want to offer you
up to him instead, damn it!
How the hell are we going to do that,
when we don't know where he is?
What? Are you saying Mr. Viper
lied to us, then?
Yeah, you absolute idiot!
Mamushi is going to kill us now.
Oh, Mamushi...
Damn it, what have I gotten us into?
Damn it all!
Oh, sir!
What brings you here--
- Whoa!
Tell Viper...
that I'll kill him with my own hands
if he doesn't call me in three days.
Yes, sir!
Oh, damn it!
I don't want to eat with only that guy.
From now on, you two are eating
lunch here, no matter what.
And only make deliveries
for our restaurant, too.
What?
You're the CEO, right?
So all you need to do is say "okay!"
The CEO can't just do anything
he pleases, though...
Why are you getting involved?
You're just an employee.
Come on, Soon Ae.
Anyway, you're doing that from now on.
If you don't like it,
you can't have your office here!
All right, I will discuss this
with my employees.
Really?
Yes.
Um... this isn't going to cause you
any trouble, is it?
Yes. If we do that, I can take care
of some business at our office, too.
Well, that's a relief, then.
Anyway, do that.
I feel lonely without you guys around.
So I'd like it if Dan Ah and I only made
deliveries for Lively Handmade.
What do you think?
Well, I don't know. Let's hear out
everyone else's opinions first.
That's the kind of company
we are, after all.
All right.
All in favor, raise your hand.
One, two, three, four...
I see, so it's unanimous.
All right, be sure to stick
right next to each other.
Why don't you guys just get married?
- Hey!
- Whoa!
Good idea!
- Get married! Get married!
Shut up.
Um, yeah. Thanks for being
so understanding, everyone.
Um, let's get to work.
Let's head out
and get to work!
Let's go!
We got their permission.
Let's stick right next to
each other now.
Also, I'll send out Oh Jin Kyu's photo
in our group chat
so our guys can look for him
while they make deliveries.
Why, all of a sudden?
Something just seems off.
I feel like something happened to him.
Sure. To be honest,
I was a bit curious, too.
So why didn't you say anything?
Just in case.
I didn't want you to get upset.
Ms. Lee Dan Ah.
Yes, CEO Choi?
Consider this a warning.
I will be sure to heed it, sir.
[Free meals at 10 o' clock]
Idiot.
Here.
Drink this with your meal.
I can't eat this. I feel like
the food is stuck in my throat.
Whoa! Hey, what are you
doing in there?
Jeez!
Oh, damn it.
Damn it, where did she go?
Oh man, this is bad.
- Here I am.
- Whoa!
My dad sent you,
didn't he?
Um, no.
Not at all.
I think you've misunderstood.
I'm calling my dad. Want me to
tell him that I caught you?
Oh, please, no!
I'll be fired!
I... actually have three kids.
Answer my questions truthfully, then.
There were originally three teams.
I was assigned to you, and another
person was assigned to Choi Kang Soo.
- Even Mister?
- Yes.
All the men you meet with
are being watched, Ms. Ji Yoon.
What is this?
But Choi Kang Soo stopped being
monitored almost immediately.
Why?
Because it seems that he's dating
a woman named Lee Dan Ah.
Who's the last one, then?
- Is it Mr. Jin Kyu?
- Yes, it's Oh Jin Kyu.
Where is he now?
I don't think we can help
you out any longer.
- What?
- Wait!
What do you mean, we can't
push back our payment due date?
That is what our office decided.
I mean, but how could you do that
to us so suddenly?
Business isn't even going
that well for us.
At any rate, we cannot
grant you an extension.
If any of you owe us any money,
please pay it back in full immediately.
- Goodbye.
- Wait!
Hey!
- Oh my gosh, what do we do?
- What do we do?
- How about we tell Kang Soo--
- He's not a bank!
I mean, it's just because
I'm so frustrated!
- We're all going to die!
- What do we do?
Hello!
Um, yeah.
Is something the matter?
No, it's nothing.
What is it?
Don't worry, it's our business.
You focus on delivering, CEO Choi.
That's the only way out for us now.
All right, I'll work hard.
But you have to tell me
if something happens, all right?
Sure. Go on, now.
All right.
Goodbye!
A location tracker?
Yeah, I put it in his shoe.
I think he took the bait that
Viper tossed at him.
Really?
He'll definitely be
making moves again soon.
And when he does, I'll find out
where he is, and teach him a lesson.
But... I'm a bit scared.
Can you come with me?
But... wouldn't it be better to
report this to the cops?
If I do that, they'll lock up
Dong Soo first!
I'm sure he already did
something with Viper!
Oh, what are you doing here?
Oh, um, nothing.
Let's go downstairs.
All right.
- Have a safe trip home!
- All right, good work.
- See you tomorrow.
I guess the boss gave up on
following Ms. Soon Ae home now.
Yeah, I guess so.
Did something happen between them?
No, not at all!
Let's hurry and go inside!
We need to have our meeting.
I really hate my photo.
I need to take it again.
Jeez.
Yo, who's the hot chick
on your company website?
Kang Soo's girlfriend.
- Wow.
- Kang Soo dates?
- She's so pretty!
- Did Kang Soo...
Does it look good?
Yes.
Good work, everyone!
Let's keep this short,
and go get some rest.
- Let's talk about our sales first.
- Sure.
Here.
Don't eat that!
Oh.
Hey, Ji Yoon.
- Let go of this!
- It's not like that!
- Hurry up!
- No, it's not like that!
Wait!
- Just leave!
- Mr. Jin Kyu!
Just leave me alone!
Let me be!
Just let me live like this until I die!
- Ugh!
- Ow!
Why are you crying?
I don't know!
What's most important now
is advertising the app.
We have to make people think of
"Strongest Deliveryman"
when they think of takeout.
If the app spreads enough,
we can add group discounts.
We could increase banquet guests.
Is there something bigger we could
do besides fliers?
Take off your shirts and run around
with fliers on your stomachs.
People will start talking soon.
Come on, Sung Jae.
We have our face to think of.
Yes and honestly my body will have
a negative effect.
[Soon Ae]
Lose some weight.
One minute.
Yes. It's Dan Ah.
He's making his move.
I was in bed to sleep.
Just in case, I decided to check
and the mark moved
He just crossed Cheonho Bridge.
I'll take a taxi.
You ride your motorcycle.
Okay, bye.
He's dead.
Sorry, but I have to head home.
Why? Is something wrong?
No, Yeon Ji wants me to come.
Yeon Ji? She's already home from work?
Mind your own business.
Bye.
Let's continue.
Did you starve too?
- Yes.
- Why?
I had no appetite.
There was no one to annoy me while
I ate so I had no appetite.
This is why habits can be scary.
Tell me if there's anything more
you want to eat.
I'm going to pay with the card
you gave me anyway.
- Look at you laughing.
- Why?
Do I seem like a moron laughing
in this situation?
No, it's cute.
What?
Did something happen to you?
- Yes.
- What?
To keep it simple,
my first love was a failure.
Ah, that.
You seem pretty happy, considering.
I've always been quick to
pick up on the situation.
So, I thought about it.
Time is very precious.
I should move onto my second love.
With who?
You.
Let's be together today.
Are you... are you crazy?
Yes, I'm crazy... for you.
Don't do that.
It's scary.
Do you know what's really scary?
What could it be?
You will be monitored by me
24 hours a day, Jin Kyu.
You can never run away.
Oh dear.
So, we just need to monitor
Oh Jin Kyu now?
Yes.
Yes, we just need to do what
Ms. Ji Yoon says.
All right.
Yes.
Yes, I crossed the bridge.
Okay, I'll head over there.
Oh! She looks a lot like
Kang Soo's girlfriend.
Is that his girlfriend?
Hold on. She's right here.
I think it is his girlfriend.
You're right.
We'll finish here.
- Good job, everyone.
- You too.
- Go to sleep.
- Okay.
- Bye.
- Bye, CEO Choi.
Good night. Get home safely.
- Bye.
- Goodbye.
What are you doing, Gong Gi?
I really don't like my picture on
the homepage.
Hey. It's been a long time.
- What?
- I just saw your girlfriend nearby.
She's even prettier in real life.
Wow, I envy you.
Which way did she go?
She was headed towards Junggok-dong.
Okay. Thanks.
Bye.
What? Is something wrong?
I think something's happened
to Dan Ah.
- What?
- I have to go somewhere.
Where is he?
He's tied up inside.
Go on in.
What is it?
Why would you place him
with his back to me?
What?
You punk!
Why you little...
I'm sorry, Boss.
I need to live too.
I lied to you, Boss.
How can I stay alive?
Viper, you punk!
Relax and go on before me.
End it for him quickly.
Yes, Boss.
Hey, Jang Dong Soo! Where are you?
You dumb idiot!
Run!
Catch them!
Stop!
Untie me now if you want to live.
Now.
Yes, Boss.
Why these little punks...
That's enough!
Please spare us, Boss.
Let me live, just this once.
I've served you since I was 17.
Think of the past and let me live.
Let me live, Boss.
Don't ever show up in front of me again.
You're really dead if you do.
Thank you!
Thank you, Boss!
Soon Ae, I'm sorry. I was truly wrong.
Then just die.
Kang Soo, take me home.
Yes.
Get on. I'll drive you home.
Are you crazy?
Kang Soo.
Sorry, I'm hurt, so I don't think
I can drive you.
- Hey!
- Hurry up and get on.
What's with you?
It's not the time for that.
Please get on.
It is the time for that now.
You stay out of it.
Get on.
Gosh, so annoying.
I'll get going too.
Thank you, Gong Gi.
What were you doing?
Why did you come alone?
Are you a police detective?
What would you have done if
you got hurt?
What if you had died?
You're fired.
I'm sorry.
I thought you'd follow me if you knew.
I didn't want to put you in danger.
Stop being angry, okay?
I'm really sorry.
Kang Soo.
Please forgive me.
I'm asking you.
Just this once.
Just this one time.
I won't do it again.
Are you hurt at all?
No.
That's a relief.
Kang Soo...
Are you cold?
What!
Are you cold!
Do I like it?
You're crazy.
Hey, shouldn't you be giving me
a ride?
What? I can't hear you!
Oh, seriously!
Gosh, my hair looks like a
crazy girl's hair.
Get lost now.
I'm really sorry.
- To tell you the truth, Viper said...
- Shut up.
Whatever that guy said,
it's all in the past.
I've forgotten everything.
You should forget too.
You forget everything else,
so why do you remember the bad things?
Yes, I'm sorry.
I'm so sick of hearing those words.
- Be careful getting home.
- You be careful!
After we beat down the last guy,
it was daybreak.
Wow, really?
Then how many guys did you beat down?
I see you didn't die.
Yes, I was honestly surprised
at myself.
I was very surprised.
Then can we sleep now?
Good night.
Sweet dreams.
You rascals are annoying.
How come this company hires new recruits
and doesn't have a welcome party?
Now that you mention it,
should we go on a company retreat?
It's a holiday this week.
A company retreat?
Yes, we should go.
- Where should we go?
- Your hometown.
You said the scenery is good there.
Where is it?
Hwaseong, Maehyangri.
Wow, the scenery is great.
It's beautiful here.
Let's go.
- Min Chan.
- Yes?
Buy some land here once you earn money.
You'll earn a lot of money once it's
developed.
I do want to buy all the land here
if I ever have money.
Then I won't let anyone build anything.
Why?
It's the most beautiful as it is now.
I want to preserve it.
That would be hard to do in our
country though.
Why is that hard?
I'm going to help Min Chan buy all
the land here.
That's our CEO.
Wow.
This was a firing range for
combat fighter jets.
All of these fell down.
- Wow.
Look at this.
- Look at this.
- So heavy.
Wow, so heavy!
Ah, so this neighborhood was a
firing range for fighter jets.
Yes, it was really like living in
a war zone back then.
My ears were numb from the sounds
of bombs going off all day.
Min Chan, how did you live in a
place like this?
I don't know.
I just lived.
Everyone here... lived that way.
Wow!
Look at that.
Welcome.
- Can we taste it?
- Yes.
Here.
Here you go.
Stop eating it.
Me, me.
This place reminds me of our hometown.
Yeah, you're right.
You must be thinking about your dad.
Aren't you thinking about anyone?
I'm just an orphan.
Who would I think about?
I remember playing with you.
How did you two become friends anyway?
We just did.
I was the one who beat up everyone.
He did whatever he wanted
no matter how much you beat him up.
Two idiots met each other.
Tell me the truth.
You're alone with Train Guy,
aren't you?
I told you I'm not.
All the company people are here.
Then put anyone on the phone.
Put that Gong Gi rice guy on or
the guys that come to my class.
Forget it. Why should I?
- Bye.
- Hey!
Wow, Lee Dan Ah.
You're being reckless now.
Hello!
Who are you?
I'm moving into the third floor.
Ah, I see. Hello.
Which floor are you?
I'm on the rooftop.
Oh my! You live with Dan Ah.
Do you know Dan Ah?
How do you know her?
It's a long story.
Please tell Dan Ah that Ji Yoon
is moving in.
Okay. I'll do that.
Then see you next time.
Finished moving in.
Wow, it's so big.
It's more than enough space for two.
Ah, I've totally been kidnapped.
- Zero.
- Seven.
- Bang!
Indian rice!
Zero, zero, seven, bang!
Start!
Stop.
Start.
Rock, paper, scissors.
If we're done with the childish games,
let's drink now.
Yes, we should have a drink.
Did we buy alcohol though?
Oh no. We didn't.
Oh, you guys. How could you?
Hey, Supervisor Song Min Chan.
Buy the alcohol.
- Manager Kim.
- Deputy Chief Kim.
- Section Chief Jung.
- Manager Han.
Miss Lee... Lee.
Fine, I'll buy it.
I'll go with her.
Just go for a walk.
- Huh?
- We have drinks.
We prepared this for you.
Thank you.
You were the first to hit me!
Senior! Can't we buy some beer too?
You came to an MT and
you want to drink beer?
- Are you crazy?
- You have to mix drinks.
- Forget it.
- Senior, please buy us beer.
- Beer!
- I don't have money.
Hurry up.
Dan Ah.
- They have alcohol.
- What?
Should we go for a walk?
This place...
I noticed a lot of college students here.
Yeah, I noticed that too.
Didn't you ever want to go to college?
What's the point of going?
Even if you graduate,
there's no solution.
Whether you graduate from college or not,
there's no hope in this place.
Even a guy like me is the CEO of
a company.
Isn't that doing pretty okay?
What is it?
Isn't that pretty hopeful?
I'm happy you're the CEO of your
own company too.
I'm sincerely cheering for you to
succeed and do well.
But?
Honestly, I'm nervous.
I feel like a nice guy like you won't be
left alone to succeed.
In this Hell Joseon...
So, in the end...
you're going to leave.
Wherever you are,
I want you to be happy.
I felt that way the first time I saw you.
- The first time?
- Yes.
The moment I heard you had been
delivering for five years...
Just one time, I saw a girl who did
deliveries like you.
She came to the Chinese restaurant
I worked at and said she could do it.
She really wanted the job.
Then what?
She quit in three days.
Every time she went out with the
steel delivery case...
people would stare at her as if
she was some side show.
People would whisper and comment
whenever she walked by.
Every time she received change...
people would try to grab her hand.
So, she came in crying everyday.
Then she quit after three days.
Once I heard you lasted five years...
I felt pain without realizing it.
I move from neighborhood to neighborhood
without much thought.
For you to move to a new neighborhood...
you must have to go through that
hardship all over again.
That must be so hard and sad.
I felt like I might know.
So, my heart ached.
Dan Ah.
Can't I make you happy?
Can you not leave?
If a person like me can succeed...
you don't have to leave.
You could be happy here too.
I don't know.
I just don't know.
Don't go.
Stay here.
I'll try.
I'll try to make you happy.
Subtitles by DramaFever